Welcome to Baria Temple International Church's Podcast.
I am your host Timothy, and we're here together on this beautiful day to hear from God.
Today, we're fortunate to have our beloved pastor, Michael Gonzalez, with us who will be sharing God's word.
So let's all prepare ourselves to receive what God has in store for us today.
Let's begin.
So today I want us to spend some time.
And I wanted you to think back to a time when somebody unexpectedly showed you kindness.
I think we've all had that.
Somebody does something.
Maybe it was a neighbor who brought over a meal when you were sick or it was someone who took time to help you with a task that you couldn't manage on your own.
These simple little thoughtful acts often have
a lasting impression and a lasting impact on our lives.
And it serves as a reminder for us that the smallest gestures of love can have a profound impact in who we are.
I remember a story a few years ago when I was
We were in another town and serving in the city of Rogersville.
And there were some different tragedies that happened.
There was a young lady who thought that she was more skilled at driving than she really was.
And I don't know if you're familiar with what we call country back roads, but they're out in the middle of nowhere.
Nobody's around for miles.
typically neither of the police because they don't wanna drive that far out and be in the, because if they have to be that far out, then to get, it's a long ways.
And in this time, she decided that she wanted to show off her driving ability.
Well, what was a teenage angst, if you will,
ended in tragedy.
She wrecked her car.
She went off the side of the road.
And if I'm living in the city, I know we don't have a lot of these.
But out in the country, there is the road.
And then it just off into what they call a ditch.
I mean, there's literal ditches to keep water off the road.
So it rolls off.
And there's these ditches.
And her tire, she wasn't ready.
Her tire went off into the ditch.
She hit the embankment.
She flipped her car.
and her life was over.
Now, I don't tell you that to be sad.
I tell you that because as a community, the community rallied around this young lady's family.
People connected in a small town, everybody knows everybody or at least everybody knows somebody that knows everybody else.
And the family being completely lost, completely waylaid had an opportunity to have a community step in and to make an impact.
People brought food.
People offered to help with arrangements.
People were just there to be good neighbors.
It was through these small acts of kindness, this family found a community that was ready to support them.
It's stories like these, and I have a couple of more from other churches that I served in, but we'll suffice and leave that one to be as it is.
But it's stories like this that remind us that being a good neighbor isn't about grand gestures or dramatic actions, it's about simple everyday decisions to show up
for those that live around us.
It's more than just a nice idea.
It's more than just a, well, you know, I need to check off a box on my Christian bingo card for this month.
So I'm gonna go be nice to my neighbor and, you know, I had a little excess of this or a little excess of, here, here you go, have it.
Jesus loves you, don't bother me, don't call again.
It's more than just,
those kinds of things.
This is something that is near and dear to my heart because it is central to what Jesus taught us.
When asked about the greatest commandment, you guys remember this?
I should get heads that are doing this, okay?
If you're doing this, let's talk, after church, okay?
When asked about the greatest commandment, Jesus said in Matthew chapter 22 and verse 37,
He replied that when they asked him, what is the greatest command?
He says, you must love the Lord to your God with all of your heart, all of your soul, and all of your mind.
But he didn't stop there.
There's a little connector verse.
He says, this is summed up in the law and the prophets, okay?
That's great.
That's verse 38.
But then he goes on in verse 39, oop, my bad.
In verse 39, he says, the second is equally important to love your neighbor as yourself.
So until,
Love the Lord your God with all of your heart, with all of your soul, with all of your mind.
And the second is equally important.
So they go together, two halves of the same coin is to love your neighbor as yourself.
I am getting a little bit of heat out of here, whoever's controlling the iPad.
So I want you to think about this for a minute.
Jesus puts loving our neighbors right next to loving God.
To love our neighbors is not optional.
is not an option, it's an add-on, it is a part of a crux, a crucible of your Christian, our Christian life.
It is the very essence of what it means to follow Jesus, to be a Christian, to be Christ-like.
In fact, how we treat others around us is a direct reflection of our love for God.
You have a, ever meet a Christian that was just absolutely grumpy all the time.
And you're like, dude, the joy of the Lord is my right.
And you're like, what happened?
They're always angry.
They're always mad.
They're always grumpy.
They're always dis, oh, Eor.
And we need the poo lovers, okay?
They're always Eor.
What does that reflect about the love and the relationship that they have for God?
And so that's why today, again, our series we have been working on, today we're gonna look at how we as the church can embrace a call to be good neighbors.
Because being a good neighbor is not just a suggestion, it's a command.
One that shapes our identity as followers in Christ.
So what did we just talk about?
Our identity.
What have we been doing all year?
We are creating an identity statement.
And it has grown over this last year.
We started with, first of all, we started with, we are, which is our banner.
And in that we are A.G. We're in assemblies of God church.
We are who we are.
We are a Pentecostal Bible believing Holy Spirit filled
Assemblies of God church and we went through our 16 fundamental truths and what that was and how it defined our faith.
Then we moved into we are a church members and we looked through what it is to be the body of Christ and then most most recently we went through and we looked at we are a church members who offer hope and healing.
to our community.
And we dove into some fairly difficult topics of finances, of equality, of help, and God's vision for the city.
And I wish that we could take more time.
We could spend a year or more on each of those individual subpoints.
But God has a plan and a purpose, we said.
for South City, St. Louis.
And so as we conclude this series, as we are kind of taking the opportunity to take our identity even deeper, I want us to see what it means for us to offer hope and healing.
So this is sort of an extension of hope and healing, but it's kind of its own standalone sub-series, if you will.
Because I want us to see what it looks like to do it in a practical,
tangible way through a couple of our sermons on hope and healing.
I gave ideas of things that we as a body can do in a real tangible way.
And so I want to expand on that over the next few weeks.
And I best, I believe that the answer lies in becoming good neighbors.
And so today we're going to explore how we live out the calling to love our neighbors well.
So,
Our identity statement becomes even clearer.
It becomes even fuller.
And so we are A.G. church members who offer hope and healing to our community by being good neighbors.
It's as simple as that.
Why?
You go pastor, what does being a good neighbor have to do?
Well, we kind of laid it out.
Jesus said to love your neighbor as yourself.
And he says, that's equal to loving me.
If you show love to them, you're showing love to me.
And as much as you've done to the least of these, you've done to me.
Father, when did we see you hungry naked?
When did we see you in without water?
Every time one of the homeless people pass by the front doors of the church, that's when you saw me.
Every time somebody knocks on your door, hey, wanna buy a Girl Scout cookie?
Now listen, I don't care what your political affiliations are,
But sometimes it's just being a good, you know, and again, we're talking about the little girls who we know who they are.
We're not talking about the girls who can afford it.
We're talking about the girls who struggle, and they're using sales or fundraisers, school fundraisers, so they can go to camp.
So they, because mom, I was that kid.
I had to hustle my backside.
because my mom couldn't afford to send me to a Royal Ranger camp or to a band camp and all of those things that parents have to do, those of you with real little ones, it's common.
Okay, so start saving now.
But it's being able to support and say, hey, you know what, I realize I don't care about your candy, I don't care about your magazines, I don't want your gift wrapping paper, but here I'll donate to whatever it is you're trying to get, camp or whatever it is.
So the first thing I want us to take a look at when we talk about being a good neighbor, when we talk about, and just so you know again, we are basing our sermon in Scripture.
We are loosely basing some of the ideas out of a book called The Art of Neighboring.
If you're interested, you can get it on Amazon, it's a Christian book, because there are principles in there that are biblical.
There are principles that we can learn.
Again, we are staying very strongly in Scripture.
We're not deviating from that.
But I want us to see what it is to wrap up and be a good neighbor.
So understanding the call to neighbor.
Jesus' words in our passage, we read just a few minutes ago, lay the foundation for everything that we do as Christians.
What does he say?
He said, you must love the Lord your God with all of your heart, with all of your soul, with all of your mind.
And the second is this, to love your neighbor as yourself.
I want you to notice that Jesus doesn't separate the two commands.
Loving God and loving our neighbors are not too distinct unrelated actions.
They are deeply intertwined.
In fact, our love for God, again, is demonstrated in how we love other people.
I hope that you see my relationship with God and how I speak to you and how I act around you.
And if you don't, you need to tell me because that means I'm human and I make my mistakes and you need to say, hey, pastor, see Jesus, his greatest commandment that he gives, he says, what's the greatest commandment?
Okay, they're talking about the 10, right?
We know that.
Honor your father and mother, don't murder, don't steal, all those things.
But Jesus includes loving our neighbor in his response to our greatest commandment.
There's significance in this.
There's something that's important.
When Jesus was asked, he could have picked any number of the Old Testament law, 10 commandment laws.
But he chose to summarize it all in the law of the prophets with two interconnected commands, to love God, to love our neighbor.
And the thing that I want to point out is this isn't a suggestion.
He goes, well, you know, you might could.
There's no qualifying statements in there.
He says, love the Lord, love your neighbor.
They're direct.
See, for us, loving our neighbor is an integral part of our faith.
If we claim to love God, but ignore the needs of those around us, then our love for God is at best incomplete.
Look at what John chapter, first John, sorry, chapter four in verse 20 and 21 says, it says, if someone says, I love God, but hates a fellow believer, that person is a liar, for if we don't love people, we can see
If we don't love people, we can see how can we love God whom we cannot see?
And he has given us this command, those who love God must also love their fellow believers.
There it is in even more of a nutshell, in even more of a condensed passage.
See, neighboring is a practical expression of our love for God.
Neighboring.
What is neighboring?
loving our neighbors.
It's being, there's a place in Scripture that gives us a really good picture of what it is to neighbor.
And it's found in Luke chapter 10 and verse 25 through 37.
We're not going to turn there, but it's the parable of the good Samaritan.
And it challenges us to reconsider who our neighbors are and what it means to love them.
So yes, we're talking about the person next door.
We're talking about the family across the street.
We're talking about whomever it is, the person in the next cubicle.
But we're also talking about the people that we don't normally interact with.
Who's our neighbor?
Our neighbor is the group of homeless folks that live up on Grand.
Our neighbor
is the tent camp that's up over here off of the highway.
Our neighbor is the drunkard who beat his wife last night.
I know, out, but it's true.
It happens.
And we're to be the expression of Jesus in everybody and everything that we are and everyone that we meet.
See, when we talk about the good Samaritan, his actions are clear illustrations of the love in action.
He didn't allow social, racial, or religious barriers to keep him from doing what is right.
His love was costly.
He said, here, here's my money.
I'm gonna put some of my money down to, and in keeper, if you'll care for him, if you spent anything extra, add it to my bill, I'll take care of it when I get back.
It was inconvenient.
He was going somewhere.
He was on the road.
I don't know if you've ever taken time, I should have put a picture up.
If you've ever taken time to look at the road that Jesus is referencing.
It's a rough, nasty, gnarly dirt road.
And the two religious leaders, they went and passed on the other side.
But it was the path that people had to take to get from here to there.
It was the only way to get there.
And so the Samaritan was already about his own personal business.
He had someplace to be.
He had things to do, a family to care for maybe, whatever it is, he was already going and it was inconvenient to stop and it ended up being sacrificial.
Jesus uses the story to redefine what it means to be a neighbor.
Showing us that true love for our neighbor crosses every bound.
Every boundary, every societal norm or unnorm, we need to see people, not as inconveniences or interruptions, but as individuals made in the image of God deserving our love and attention.
I could stop there.
That could be the crux of our sermon.
We need to see people, human beings.
I don't care what race, creed, color, ethnic background, socioeconomic status.
I don't care what job they have or what part of town they live in.
We need to see them as a valuable part of who God and what God is doing in our city.
So let's bring this a little closer to home.
I want you to imagine someone living right next door to you who's going through a hard time.
Maybe they just lost a loved one or they're struggling to make ends meet.
How often do we, like the priest and the Levite, walk by on the other side, busy with our own lives, our own schedules, our own concerns?
But what if?
What if?
What if instead we chose to stop, listen, and offer help?
What if we chose to be like the good Samaritan
Stepping across the street, across the walkway or the hallway, the cubicle wall, whatever barrier is in the way, maybe the discomfort of maybe having been such a good friend over the last few years, and show the love of Christ in a very real, intangible way.
Listen, for most of us in this current economy, most of us are struggling to just keep moving forward.
Seems like the enemy and whatever other entities are pushing in, and they want more out of our pockets, they want more out of our bodies, they want more out of our time.
But what if you said, hey, listen, you know what, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Harris,
I know you're struggling.
I'd like to take care of Sendin' Little Johnny Susie.
How much is camp this year?
Let me take it a little farther.
Take it a little closer.
Let me dig just a little bit, forgive me.
Family's in our own church.
Kids who can't afford to go to camp.
You know, camp is expensive and it's not because we are trying to make money.
It's not trying to, because we're trying to dig into your pockets.
It's just what they have to do for everything that they do for youth camp and kids camp.
And I know for a fact there are some of our kids who have not gone because they just can't afford to go.
And if you have means and you say, hey, listen, you know what I want to sponsor a kid to go to camp?
Because it's worth it for them to hear Jesus in their own terms and to have a relationship.
but to be a tangible hands and feet of Jesus.
The second thing I want us to look at when we talk about being good neighbors, when we talk about the heart of God for our community is we've got to overcome our overcoming barriers to neighboring.
While the call to love our neighbors is clear and compelling, many of us struggle to live it out in our day-to-day lives.
Why is that?
What are the barriers that we mentioned a few minutes ago that prevent us from being the neighbors that Christ has called us to be?
I want you to look at Philippians chapter two, verses three and four.
Paul kind of gives us some insight into this.
He says, don't be selfish.
Don't try to impress others.
Be humble, thinking of others as better than yourselves.
Don't look out only for your own interests, but take an interest in others too.
See the barriers that prevent us from being good neighbors, busyness.
Well, Pastor, I'm doing this and I'm doing that and I've got this and I've got that.
I get it, we all do.
Some would call it the tyranny of the urgent.
Everything's pressing.
Everything's got to have my attention right now.
I've got to do it right now.
Today, it can't wait until tomorrow.
I have to deal with it now.
One of the most common barriers to neighboring is just busyness.
In our fast-paced world, our schedules become so full that we barely have time for ourselves, let alone anybody else.
We rush from one task to the next, checking items off of our to-do list, all while missing the opportunities that are right in front of us to connect with those around us.
Proverbs 27, 10 tells us to not forsake your friend or a friend of the family, implying that relationships require time and attention.
Yet in the hustle and bustle of life, we often let these relationships kind of slide.
Listen, it's not out of malice.
It's not out of being ugly.
It's not caring.
It's simply because we're busy.
We don't realize that three days has gone by.
I'm going to tell you a quick story on myself.
My mom, she's my grandma.
You know that.
I was raised by my grandma.
I call her mom.
She calls me just about every day.
Hey, you haven't called me in X number of days.
Mom, I talked to you yesterday.
Or in the busyness, sometimes, either in meetings or whatever it is, I'll have to hit ignore.
Don't do that to your parents, kids.
I'm a bad son.
Not really, but.
And sometimes, and I'll call her back later and I'll say, hey, mom, I'm so sorry that I had to cancel your call.
I was in the middle of a meeting, blah, blah, blah, whatever it is.
And she will inevitably, and moms, please don't do this, inevitably, she will say, well, you're just too busy for me anymore.
Yeah, mom, that's it.
I'm too busy for you.
But it happens.
So even for the best of us or the worst of us, whichever one you want to classify me in,
We get busy.
We don't realize how much time has passed.
We don't realize before a week has gone by and you're like, oh, I was gonna call sister so-and-so.
I was gonna touch base with this person or that person.
I was gonna call my mom or my dad or my auntie or my uncle or whatever it may be.
And we allow busyness to get us wrapped up.
Again, we have a great story about this in scripture in Luke chapter 10.
verses 38 to 42 of Mary and Martha.
This is that tension of I want to sit at the feet of Jesus, but there's stuff to do.
We're busy.
We've got to do.
We've got to be and we've got to make it happen.
But what does Jesus tell her?
tell them when all of it kind of comes to a head and kind of explodes and Martha was busy with the preparations and Mary chose to sit at Jesus' feet and she chooses to prioritize relationship over tasks.
Jesus gently, say that word, gently, okay, gently rebukes Martha telling her that Mary's chosen what is a better way.
We've got to learn to prioritize our relationships with our neighbors, over the endless tasks that pull for our attention.
If I might give you a leadership moment, margin.
If you're a note-taker, write that word down in the margin of your notes, margin.
Too many of us do not have margin in our life.
We don't have it in our schedules.
We don't have it in our budgets.
So our budgets are stretched so tight that when the hot water heater breaks, there's no money for, when a tire goes flat and you just have to get a patch, there's no money for it.
When a situation in life happens and somebody gets sick, we don't have, oh, what am I gonna do?
Because we've not built any margin into our life.
This is kind of the crux of what we're trying to get at when we talk about the barriers to neighboring is we don't have any margin.
Listen, I would love to stop and talk to, how many neighbors do we have?
I can't even count because we have apartment buildings, but I would love to spend my days talking to all the neighbors.
But then we would just stand here and stare at each other for about 40 minutes, right?
Because I wouldn't have time to prep this and I wouldn't.
There's balance, but we've got to find margin.
Another barriers fear or indifference.
It's the discomfort of the unknown.
We don't know the neighbor.
We haven't got to know them.
I've lived in this whatever house or whatever apartment and I've never gotten to know my neighbor.
But see, Philippians chapter two, verses three and four tells us to look past these fears.
Don't look out only for your own interests, but take an interest in others.
Look past these situations.
Look past the fears because fear is always rooted in the unknown.
When I get fearful, when I get stressed out, it's because I don't know what's coming next.
I don't worry about what I know.
I don't worry about what I'm familiar with.
How do you start the conversation?
What if they don't like me?
What if they're an anti-Christian?
Okay, the more and more.
So used to, there used to be a day where we could come up and talk about, well, yeah, I go to church.
Oh, really, where do you go to church?
I go to church too.
And all those niceties, even if they didn't, they were at least cordial.
Now it's like, oh, I'm a believer in Christ.
I don't wanna hear about it.
Or how stupid are you?
And we don't know.
And so we're a little bit afraid to get into those kinds of conversations.
And the enemy's sitting there going,
you don't want to do that.
But the gospel calls us to care deeply enough about others that we reflect Christ back.
What is the passage no longer I but
Christ that lives within me.
So it's not me making the approach.
It's Jesus saying, hey, I want you to talk to this person.
I want you to move past the barrier.
I want you to move past the situation.
And I want you to move in.
And I want you to make a connection.
Because I have already sent the Holy Spirit.
I've already prepared the field.
I've already sent workers in.
And they've done all the prep work.
And I need you to harvest.
How many of us have missed the harvest?
It happens.
But how many of us have missed being the catalyst for somebody's relationship with Christ because we were a little bit afraid of talking to them either because of what they look like, a big old burly biker guy or whatever it is.
Because what does Jesus say?
He says, you know the saying, four months between planting and harvest, but I say, wake up and look around.
The fields are ready and ripe for harvest.
Who's going to go?
Who's going to do what is necessary in the book, the art of neighboring
there is a group of neighbors that discovered they were all too busy to know each other.
And it wasn't until they intentionally decided to slow down and make time for real relationship to begin to form.
They moved past the barriers of busyness and fear, choosing instead to invest in their community.
And what they found was that neighboring didn't just benefit those they reached out to.
It actually transformed their own lives.
Our lives are richer when we have community.
We've spoken about that before.
Number three.
So let's look at some practical steps of what it is to become a good neighbor.
Look at Romans chapter 12 and verses nine to 13.
It says, don't just pretend to love others.
Really love them.
So that's not a qualifying thing that Pastor Mike added to the Word of God.
This is what's in, if you open your paper Bible or your digital Bible, this is what's in there.
It says, don't just pretend to love others, really love them.
He's going, hey, hello, pay attention.
Really love them, hate what is wrong, hold tightly to what is good, love each other with genuine affection and take delight in honoring each other.
Never be lazy but work hard and serve the Lord enthusiastically.
Rejoice in our confident hope.
Be patient in trouble and keep on praying.
When God's people are in need, be ready to help them.
Always be eager to practice hospitality.
So what are we supposed to do?
We're supposed to be intentional.
We don't have to do great big things.
It's not about grand gestures.
It starts with small intentional actions.
When Paul, when he says, practice hospitality, this is just a starting point.
But it doesn't have to mean that you host a big dinner party.
You don't have to have everybody over at your house.
And you're like, we have kids.
Don't come to our house to mess.
And like Tuesdays is our cleaning day.
So if you want to come, come then.
I'm kidding, but maybe.
You don't have to invite everybody over.
This isn't what this is about.
This is about simply doing small gestures.
Good morning, Tom.
Good morning, Sally.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Hey, I noticed you missed taking
How many of you love HOAs?
I mean, they live in one, okay?
If you love HOAs, I need you to come to the altar because I'm gonna pray for you, okay?
I despise HOAs, I'm just gonna be very honest, okay?
Because there's never been an HOA that I've ever been part of or heard about that actually ran well.
And I'll be honest with you, I was the president of an HOA for a little while.
And I was the president for all of about one month.
And I said, oh, these people are crazy.
I ain't doing this no more.
And then the new president came and mowed my lawn because I didn't mow it fast enough.
And I said, don't do that anymore.
It's not about that.
It's simply going, see, the HOA would say, well, you know Mr. Gonzalez, your trash can got left out an extra day.
We're going to have to find you because it makes the neighborhood look bad.
A good neighbor would say, hey Jim, hey Mr. Gonzalez.
I noticed your trash can was out.
Can I bring it up for you?
I know you're busy.
I know you got kids.
I know, listen, I'm already grabbing mine.
Can I just, can I throw it up there for you too?
That's a good neighbor.
That's all we're talking about, you know?
Oh, I heard Mrs. Johnson is down with a cold.
Hey, can I bring over a casserole?
Can I bring over a little dish?
Can I bring, you know, can I drive you to the doctor?
Can I pick you up from the doctor?
Little things, it doesn't have to be great big things.
The point is to build genuine relationships that move beyond the surface level interactions.
Hey Bill, hey Tom.
And that's all you know about your neighbor is that their name is Bill or Tom or Mr. Gonzalez or Mrs. Johnson or whatever it is.
Romans 12, 10, we go back a verse, says that we're to love each other with genuine affection and take delight and honor in each other.
We have lots of ways that we can do this.
And so over the next little bit, this is our last, if you will, sub-series for this year in the We Are series.
But we're going to spend some time talking about what it is to be a good neighbor.
This is important.
It's so important to me because I believe as I said in our opening, I believe it's important to Jesus.
Because in scripture, we have two big things.
We have the great commandment and the great commission.
We've talked a lot about the great commission to go make disciples, right?
This is a crux of who we are and we get excited when we talk about going and making disciples and that's something we can be passionate about.
But for most of us, we tend to forget about this that we call the great commandment.
So we have the great commandment and we have the great commission.
The two of those are our pillars, our foundation stones, our base pillars for everything else that we do.
If we don't love our neighbor, it doesn't matter how much you do or go or bid.
I don't care how many cakes you bake or how many outreach events you do.
If you don't love the people, they're gonna know.
And if you're not willing to disciple them, then it's irrelevant how much you witness to them.
We're setting pillars.
Why?
Because three years ago, when we came to the church and we all began, we said, this is new wine.
This is a new dispensation.
It's a new day.
And we're setting a path that God has called us to, that God has set us on for a new season.
But we have to have the pillars.
We have to have the right starting point.
And if we love the Lord with all of our heart, and we love our neighbor as ourself, then everything else is covered.
It's supported.
It's undergirded with what Jesus has asked us to do.
So as we close today, I want us to just dig in, and I hope that you're excited about being
good neighbors.
I hope that you're excited about being somebody who doesn't just take a sermon and let it be a check-off and let it just kind of be, but that we would be a people who take what we're talking about week after week after week as we talk about what it is to be a good neighbor.
When we talk about, okay,
We are assemblies of God.
We believe in, and we had 16 things that we said we believe in.
We believe in the power and the presence of the Holy Spirit.
We believe that there is gonna be power when the Holy Spirit comes upon us.
We believe that Jesus is the Son of God, that he rose on the third day, that he is in heaven, and he is one day gonna come back, and he is gonna take his people, and we are gonna live with him forever in heaven for eternity, amen.
And we believe that we are a church that not only are we an assemblies of God church, but we're a church that is filled with good church members that knows each one of us has a plan and a purpose.
Each one of us has a role.
Each one of us is part of the body that is connected.
Each one of us has a place where we need to stand in the gap because a hand can't be connected to the body if it doesn't have an arm, a foot can't be connected to the body if it doesn't have a leg, a head can't be without a neck.
and so on and so forth, that we all have a plan and a part, and we are part of the health and the wealth of what it is to be Berea Temple, to be the church, that we are not being served, but we are here to serve, that we are not paying our country club dues, but we are paying our tithe back to the God who gave to us, and that he in turn is using that to reach other people, that we are an assemblies of God, church members,
who offer hope and healing to our community.
Because friends, if we're not offering hope and healing, we're doing it wrong.
We might as well close the doors, call it good, lock it up, and be moved on to something as we are able to be the hands and feet of Jesus.
to a lost and dying world.
We are able to communicate what it is that God has for this city.
We are able to stand in the gap when there are inequities, when there are difficulties.
We are able to reach across aisles politically.
We are able to put an arm around somebody that looks, smells, acts,
differently than us and not care because they are our brother or our sister in Christ.
That is who we are building as a Berea temple.
And then we are now an Assemblies of God church who offers hope and healing.
Because we know how to be a good neighbor.
We know how to exist in our community like the good Samaritan.
Who says, I don't see a broken down person that
I need to pass by on the other side.
I see somebody that I need to reach down and I need to kneel down and I need to set aside my own schedule and my own agenda.
And I need to be Jesus today to this person because if I'm Jesus to this person today, then Jesus will allow somebody else to fill the gap where I'm having to push aside.
This is the church.
This is what we're called to.
This is the action, the active
presence of what we're supposed to be.
We are the Church of Jesus Christ.
We are the body.
And we are His hands and feet.
So Father, we thank You.
We praise You.
Lord, there are so many things that we need to do in this world.
But God, we need to love You.
And we tend to do a pretty okay job of that.
Maybe we don't do quite as good a job of loving our neighbors ourselves.
But God, we ask that you would help us as a church, to move past any barriers that might be in the way.
That you would help us, God, to be your hands and feet, to be good neighbors.
We're going to close with our closing song if you need prayer, if you need a touch.
We're not going to make a specific altar call today, but the altars are open if you need to pray.
As we close out, once our song is finished, we'll close in a closing prayer and we'll be dismissed.